Docs/sidekickvco_bom.md, before:

# sidekickvco.kicad_sch BOM

Sun 19 Jun 2022 12:23:22 PM EDT

Generated from schematic by Eeschema 6.0.5-a6ca702e91~116~ubuntu20.04.1

**Component Count:** 120

| Refs | Qty | Component | Description | Manufacturer | Part | Vendor | SKU |
| ----- | --- | ---- | ----------- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| C1, C2, C3, C6, C15, C16 | 6 | 100nF | Ceramic capacitor, pitch 2.5 mm |  |  | Tayda |  |
| C4, C5, C8, C10, C12 | 5 | 10nF | Film capacitor, pitch 5 mm |  |  | Tayda | A-559 |
| C7, C11 | 2 | 100nF | Film capacitor, pitch 5 mm |  |  | Tayda | A-564 |
| C9 | 1 | 1nF | Polypropylene film capacitor |  |  | Digi-Key | FKP2G011001D00HSSD |
| C13, C14 | 2 | 10uF | Electrolytic capacitor, pitch 2.5 mm |  |  | Tayda |  |
| C17, C18 | 2 | 330pF | Ceramic capacitor, pitch 5 mm |  |  | Tayda |  |
| D1, D2 | 2 | 1N4148 | Standard switching diode, DO-35 |  |  | Tayda | A-157 |
| D3, D4 | 2 | 1N5817 | Schottky Barrier Rectifier Diode, DO-41 |  |  | Tayda | A-159 |
| J1 | 1 | Conn_02x04_Odd_Even | 2x4 shrouded pin header, pitch 2.54 mm |  |  | Tayda | A-2948 |
| J2, J3 | 2 | 3_pin_Molex_header | KK254 Molex header |  |  | Tayda | A-805 |
| J4 | 1 | 4_pin_Molex_header | KK254 Molex header |  |  | Tayda | A-806 |
| J5, J6, J7 | 3 | 2_pin_Molex_header | KK254 Molex header |  |  | Tayda | A-804 |
| J8, J9 | 2 | 3_pin_Molex_connector | KK254 Molex connector |  |  | Tayda | A-827 |
| J10 | 1 | 4_pin_Molex_connector | KK254 Molex connector |  |  | Tayda | A-828 |
| J11, J12, J13 | 3 | 2_pin_Molex_connector | KK254 Molex connector |  |  | Tayda | A-826 |
| J18, J19, J21, J22 | 4 | AudioJack2 | 1/4" audio jack, horizontal |  |  | Tayda | A-1122 |
| J20 | 1 | Synth_power_2x5 | 2x5 shrouded pin header, pitch 2.54 mm |  |  | Tayda | A-2939 |
| J23, J24, J25 | 3 | AudioJack2 | 1/4" audio jack, vertical |  |  | Tayda | A-1121 |
| Q1, Q2 | 2 | 2N3904 | Small Signal NPN Transistor, TO-92 |  |  | Tayda | A-111 |
| R1, R2, R34 | 3 | 30k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R3, R12, R13, R18 | 4 | 1M | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R4, R48, R49, R50 | 4 | 24k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R5, R20 | 2 | 5.6k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R6, R7, R8, R9, R10, R25, R26, R27 | 8 | 100k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R11 | 1 | 470k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R14, R17 | 2 | 470R | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R15 | 1 | 1.8k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R16 | 1 | 1.5M | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R19, R21, R28 | 3 | 47k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R22, R36, R38, R54, R55, R56 | 6 | 10k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R23, R24, R57, R58, R59 | 5 | 1k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R29, R41, R42 | 3 | 20k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R30, R31, R32, R33 | 4 | 10k 1/8W | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R35, R40 | 2 | 2.2k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R37 | 1 | 390R | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R39, R44, R46, R47 | 4 | 18k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R43 | 1 | 2k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R45 | 1 | 33k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R51, R52, R53 | 3 | 9.1k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| RV1, RV2, RV3 | 3 | 10k | 3296P trimmer potentiometer |  |  | Digi-Key | CT94EP103-ND |
| RV4 | 1 | 50k | 3296P trimmer potentiometer |  |  | Digi-Key | CT94EP503-ND |
| RV5 | 1 | 100k | Panel mount linear potentiometer |  |  | Tayda | A-5606 or A-1984 |
| RV6, RV7 | 2 | 50k | 3296W trimmer potentiometer |  |  | Tayda | A-598 |
| RV8 | 1 | 5k | 3296W trimmer potentiometer |  |  | Tayda | A-597 |
| SW1 | 1 | SW_Rotary12 | rotary switch with 12 positions |  |  | Tayda | A-1893 |
| SW2 | 1 | SW_DP3T | Switch, three position, dual pole triple throw, 3 position switch, SP3T | C&K | OS203012MU5QP1‎ | Digi-Key | CKN9554-ND |
| U1 | 1 | TL072 | Dual operational amplifier, DIP-8 |  |  | Tayda | A-037 |
| U2 | 1 | AS3340A | VCO |  |  | CabinTech Global |  |
| U3, U4 | 2 | LM4040BIZ-5 | 5.000V Precision Micropower Shunt Voltage Reference, TO-92 |  |  | Digi-Key | LM4040BIZ-5/NOPB-ND |
| U5 | 1 | L79L05_TO92 | Negative 100mA -30V Linear Regulator, Fixed Output -5V, TO-92 |  |  | Tayda | A-4676 |
| U6 | 1 | TL074 | Quad operational amplifier, DIP-14 |  |  | Tayda | A-1138 |
| | 2 | | Knob | | | | |
| | 1 | | 8 pin DIP socket | | | Tayda | A-001 |
| | 1 | | 14 pin DIP socket | | | Tayda | A-004 |
| | 1 | | 16 pin DIP socket | | | Tayda | A-003 |
| | 2 | | M3x12 screw | | | | |
| | 2 | | 5 mm spacer | | | Tayda | A-1235 |
| | 2 | | M3 nut | | | | |
    
## Caveat emptor

Bourns 3296P 10k trimmers are specified for the panel accessible trimmers. Bourns PV36 trimmers seem to have the same specs and dimensions, as do Nidec Copal CT94E trimmers. Any of these should work. Similar trimmers from other manufacturers *may* differ slightly in their dimensions which may cause misalignment between panel and PCB. Compare datasheets carefully before buying.

The jacks are from Tayda, SKU A-1122 or A-3617 (seemingly identical). This appears to be the same as jacks sold under the model number PJ-644C elsewhere. Again, similar looking jacks from other sources may have slightly different dimensions.

Commit message:

Add link cable components to BOM

Docs/sidekickvco_bom.md, after:

# sidekickvco.kicad_sch BOM

Sun 19 Jun 2022 12:23:22 PM EDT

Generated from schematic by Eeschema 6.0.5-a6ca702e91~116~ubuntu20.04.1

**Component Count:** 120

| Refs | Qty | Component | Description | Manufacturer | Part | Vendor | SKU |
| ----- | --- | ---- | ----------- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| C1, C2, C3, C6, C15, C16 | 6 | 100nF | Ceramic capacitor, pitch 2.5 mm |  |  | Tayda |  |
| C4, C5, C8, C10, C12 | 5 | 10nF | Film capacitor, pitch 5 mm |  |  | Tayda | A-559 |
| C7, C11 | 2 | 100nF | Film capacitor, pitch 5 mm |  |  | Tayda | A-564 |
| C9 | 1 | 1nF | Polypropylene film capacitor |  |  | Digi-Key | FKP2G011001D00HSSD |
| C13, C14 | 2 | 10uF | Electrolytic capacitor, pitch 2.5 mm |  |  | Tayda |  |
| C17, C18 | 2 | 330pF | Ceramic capacitor, pitch 5 mm |  |  | Tayda |  |
| D1, D2 | 2 | 1N4148 | Standard switching diode, DO-35 |  |  | Tayda | A-157 |
| D3, D4 | 2 | 1N5817 | Schottky Barrier Rectifier Diode, DO-41 |  |  | Tayda | A-159 |
| J1 | 1 | Conn_02x04_Odd_Even | 2x4 shrouded pin header, pitch 2.54 mm |  |  | Tayda | A-2948 |
| J2, J3 | 2 | 3_pin_Molex_header | KK254 Molex header |  |  | Tayda | A-805 |
| J4 | 1 | 4_pin_Molex_header | KK254 Molex header |  |  | Tayda | A-806 |
| J5, J6, J7 | 3 | 2_pin_Molex_header | KK254 Molex header |  |  | Tayda | A-804 |
| J8, J9 | 2 | 3_pin_Molex_connector | KK254 Molex connector |  |  | Tayda | A-827 |
| J10 | 1 | 4_pin_Molex_connector | KK254 Molex connector |  |  | Tayda | A-828 |
| J11, J12, J13 | 3 | 2_pin_Molex_connector | KK254 Molex connector |  |  | Tayda | A-826 |
| J18, J19, J21, J22 | 4 | AudioJack2 | 1/4" audio jack, horizontal |  |  | Tayda | A-1122 |
| J20 | 1 | Synth_power_2x5 | 2x5 shrouded pin header, pitch 2.54 mm |  |  | Tayda | A-2939 |
| J23, J24, J25 | 3 | AudioJack2 | 1/4" audio jack, vertical |  |  | Tayda | A-1121 |
| Q1, Q2 | 2 | 2N3904 | Small Signal NPN Transistor, TO-92 |  |  | Tayda | A-111 |
| R1, R2, R34 | 3 | 30k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R3, R12, R13, R18 | 4 | 1M | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R4, R48, R49, R50 | 4 | 24k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R5, R20 | 2 | 5.6k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R6, R7, R8, R9, R10, R25, R26, R27 | 8 | 100k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R11 | 1 | 470k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R14, R17 | 2 | 470R | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R15 | 1 | 1.8k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R16 | 1 | 1.5M | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R19, R21, R28 | 3 | 47k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R22, R36, R38, R54, R55, R56 | 6 | 10k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R23, R24, R57, R58, R59 | 5 | 1k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R29, R41, R42 | 3 | 20k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R30, R31, R32, R33 | 4 | 10k 1/8W | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R35, R40 | 2 | 2.2k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R37 | 1 | 390R | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R39, R44, R46, R47 | 4 | 18k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R43 | 1 | 2k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R45 | 1 | 33k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| R51, R52, R53 | 3 | 9.1k | Resistor |  |  | Tayda |  |
| RV1, RV2, RV3 | 3 | 10k | 3296P trimmer potentiometer |  |  | Digi-Key | CT94EP103-ND |
| RV4 | 1 | 50k | 3296P trimmer potentiometer |  |  | Digi-Key | CT94EP503-ND |
| RV5 | 1 | 100k | Panel mount linear potentiometer |  |  | Tayda | A-5606 or A-1984 |
| RV6, RV7 | 2 | 50k | 3296W trimmer potentiometer |  |  | Tayda | A-598 |
| RV8 | 1 | 5k | 3296W trimmer potentiometer |  |  | Tayda | A-597 |
| SW1 | 1 | SW_Rotary12 | rotary switch with 12 positions |  |  | Tayda | A-1893 |
| SW2 | 1 | SW_DP3T | Switch, three position, dual pole triple throw, 3 position switch, SP3T | C&K | OS203012MU5QP1‎ | Digi-Key | CKN9554-ND |
| U1 | 1 | TL072 | Dual operational amplifier, DIP-8 |  |  | Tayda | A-037 |
| U2 | 1 | AS3340A | VCO |  |  | CabinTech Global |  |
| U3, U4 | 2 | LM4040BIZ-5 | 5.000V Precision Micropower Shunt Voltage Reference, TO-92 |  |  | Digi-Key | LM4040BIZ-5/NOPB-ND |
| U5 | 1 | L79L05_TO92 | Negative 100mA -30V Linear Regulator, Fixed Output -5V, TO-92 |  |  | Tayda | A-4676 |
| U6 | 1 | TL074 | Quad operational amplifier, DIP-14 |  |  | Tayda | A-1138 |
| | 2 or more* | | 8 pin IDC connector | | | Tayda | A-3346 |
| | Length as needed | | 8 conductor ribbon cable | | | Tayda | A-4935 |
| | 2 | | Knob | | | | |
| | 1 | | 8 pin DIP socket | | | Tayda | A-001 |
| | 1 | | 14 pin DIP socket | | | Tayda | A-004 |
| | 1 | | 16 pin DIP socket | | | Tayda | A-003 |
| | 2 | | M3x12 screw | | | | |
| | 2 | | 5 mm spacer | | | Tayda | A-1235 |
| | 2 | | M3 nut | | | | |
    
\* One connector for Hero and one for each Sidekick connecting to it

## Caveat emptor

Bourns 3296P 10k trimmers are specified for the panel accessible trimmers. Bourns PV36 trimmers seem to have the same specs and dimensions, as do Nidec Copal CT94E trimmers. Any of these should work. Similar trimmers from other manufacturers *may* differ slightly in their dimensions which may cause misalignment between panel and PCB. Compare datasheets carefully before buying.

The jacks are from Tayda, SKU A-1122 or A-3617 (seemingly identical). This appears to be the same as jacks sold under the model number PJ-644C elsewhere. Again, similar looking jacks from other sources may have slightly different dimensions.
